Remove AIRFLOW_GID from Docker images (#18747)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/start/docker.rst

| ``AIRFLOW_UID``                | UID of the user to run Airflow containers as.       | ``50000``                |
|                                | Override if you want to use use non-default Airflow |                          |
|                                | UID (for example when you map folders from host,    |                          |
|                                | it should be set to result of ``id -u`` call.       |                          |

> |                                | When it is changed, s user with the UID is          |                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                | When it is changed, a user with the UID is          |                          |
```

|                                | created with ``default`` name inside the container  |                          |
|                                | and home of the use is set to ``/airflow/home/``    |                          |
|                                | in order to share Python libraries installed there. |                          |
|                                | This is in order to achieve the  OpenShift          |                          |
|                                | compatibility. See more in the                      |                          |
|                                | :ref:`Arbitrary Docker User <arbitrary-docker-user>`|                          |
+--------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

.. note::

>     Before Airflow 2.2, the Docker Compose also had ``AIRFLOW_GID`` parameter, but it had not provided any additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before Airflow 2.2, the Docker Compose also had ``AIRFLOW_GID`` parameter, but it did not provide any additional
```
